Update Twilio Package.md and Module.md files (#66)
ballerina-platform/asyncapi-triggers: asyncapi/twilio/Module.md

## Overview

The Twilio Trigger allows you to listen to Twilio SMS and Call status change events.
1. Listen to incoming message events and message status change callback events from the Twilio SMS.

> 2. Listen to incoming call events and call status change callback events from the Twilio Voice Call.

Reviewer: This doesn't need to be an ordered list. So shall we make these bullet points? 
Suggestion:
The Twilio trigger allows you to listen to Twilio SMS and call status change events similar to the following:
- Incoming message events and message status change callback events from Twilio SMS.
- Incoming call events and call status change callback events from Twilio voice call.

> This module supports [Twilio Basic API 2010-04-01](https://www.twilio.com/docs/all) version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module supports the [Twilio Basic API 2010-04-01](https://www.twilio.com/docs/all) version.
```

## Prerequisites
Before using this trigger in your Ballerina application, complete the following:

> * Sign up to Twilio and create a Twilio account (https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011177133-View-and-Create-New-Accounts-in-Twilio-Console).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sign up to Twilio and create a Twilio account. For step-by-step instructions, see [View and Create New Accounts in Twilio Console] (https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011177133-View-and-Create-New-Accounts-in-Twilio-Console).
```

> * Get a twilio phone number which needs to purchase through Twilio to send messages or make phone calls using Twilio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Follow the steps below to purchase a Twilio phone number to send messages and make phone calls using Twilio:
```

>     1. Navigate to the Phone Numbers page in your console.

Reviewer: Is `Phone Numbers` page correct. [1] says it is `Buy a Number` page. So do we need to change?
Suggestion if we are to change:
"Navigate to the **Buy a Number** page in the Twilio console."

[1] https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223135247-How-to-Search-for-and-Buy-a-Twilio-Phone-Number-from-Console

Author: When login to the console there is a section called `Phone Numbers` in the left pannel

## Overview

The Twilio trigger allows you to listen to Twilio SMS and call status change events similar to the following.
- Incoming message events and message status change callback events from Twilio SMS.
- Incoming call events and call status change callback events from Twilio voice call.

This module supports the [Twilio Basic API 2010-04-01](https://www.twilio.com/docs/all) version.

## Prerequisites
Before using this trigger in your Ballerina application, complete the following:

* Sign up to Twilio and create a Twilio account.For step-by-step instructions, see [View and Create New Accounts in Twilio Console] (https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011177133-View-and-Create-New-Accounts-in-Twilio-Console).
* Follow the steps below to purchase a Twilio phone number to send messages and make phone calls using Twilio:

>     1. Click on the **Phone Numbers -> Manage** at your left navigation panel **Develop** view.

Author: In here do we have to remove the bold of the word `Develop`?

    2. Click **Buy a Number** to purchase your first Twilio number.

> * Register the request URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Follow the steps below to register the request URL:
```
